Change Overlays - fixed a simple typo (#31684)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/dashboards/change_overlays/_index.md

{{< img src="dashboards/change_overlays/show_overlays_button.png" alt="Overlays button on dashboard header" style="width:100%;">}}

> When activated, the **Service** search bar will display the **Most Relevant** service by default. Datadog automatically selects the service most frequently referenced in the queries supporting the widgets on the dashboard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When activated, the **Service** search bar displays the **Most Relevant** service by default. Datadog automatically selects the service most frequently referenced in the queries supporting the widgets on the dashboard.
```
While we're touching this line, let's make its verb tense conform to the style guide.
